hi I'm John before online we're the 2013
SEMA show I'm here with Robert from
American force and he's going to show
you some of these great products
nice to meet you Robert it's not John
nice to meet you look at this wheel
right here this thing is crazy for 2013
or 2014 we're bringing out our two-piece
forged aluminum forged aluminum wheels
this are they're available from 20 inch
all it's a 26 inch and this is what
we're looking at right here is a 24 by
16 and this is designed for the newer
trucks we had a newer 3/4 ton half-ton
single rear wheel trucks and what
finishes you make this in at this moment
we're dolphin it in a full polished
aluminum barrel with custom finishes
available for the center's when you say
this was a two-piece wheel two-piece
wheel I see that wheel over here what
are we looking at right here right here
we're bringing off the we're showing off
our 26 inch wheel this is a 26 by 14
also available in 26 by 12 26 by 14 and
16 and this is the Polish as well as
polished aluminum two-piece forged
aluminum wheels I see some crazy colors
over here what do we got over here
well stepping away from this traditional
polished and chrome and black and try to
bring some other options out there this
is our translucent finish basically what
it is is a powder coated finish with a
nice tint of whatever finish you want
which offers a high durability wheel
that's not anodized or painted enough
fragile so they're still powder-coated
it can stand up to any thing you put
towards it so basically anybody can call
in and say hey I need a blue base of a
wheel and you can do it definitely no
problem at all we can do it or we could
do it in solid finish we can do machine
like you see them here on display and
you make this for a wide variety of
trucks and this absolutely our current
applications are from half-ton all the
way up to one ton and larger over here I
see some new plate things I see over
here that we have with yet what's this
right here for 2013 and 2014 we're
introducing our face plate series wheels
which is basically a spin off of our
current lineup where we're adding face
plates to them so you're able to change
the look of the vehicle pretty easily
each wheel comes with three individual
plates and it can be used and painted or
you can just use one plate or two plates
or no plates at all and
to look whenever you want it's all about
customization and personalization for
everybody for the future stave stepping
away from the black wheels and just the
polish wheels we're just trying to get
to add some color for theme trucks and
just offer something different you can
always switch up from time to time
whenever you want it so one day I got a
pink truck I want a pink when I put the
pink ones tomorrow I paint it blue I can
put blue exactly that exactly that is
like a good example can give you as a
customer of ours last month took a set
of these and wanted to go ahead and do
some for Breast Care breast breast
cancer awareness month went ahead and
painted em all pink and then next week
after that went ahead in this one for
Halloween what kind of warranty you guys
carry two wheels everything that we
build is in-house Miami Florida and it
carries a lifetime warranty is some
great wheels
I want to thank you Robert for showing
us these great wheels not a problem John
he's amazing colorful wheels these great
wheels from American Forests to like the
purchaser inquire these wheels please
contact one of our American force
specialists at full online com